Written Progress: 
  
    I initially sought to create a smart water bottle that is portable and measures hydration status in real time, 
    so it’s easier to check how much water I’ve been consuming and how much more I should drink. Based on the recommended daily water consumption of 3 liters, 
    I used the FSR sensor to measure the weight of the water bottle to determine how much water it still contains. 
    And then I create a process to calculate the weight differences and sense the change in the water bottle’s position as I drink. 
    But then I worried about battery life, so I changed to checking the water remaining every 6 hours for a more efficient measuring system. 
    
    For another iteration of the Screaming water bottle, 
    I started thinking about how chunky and enaesthetic the hydration tracker version attached to the water bottle is. 
    So, for IDC2, I sought a visually more appealing project with a new mechanism suitable for office or home use. 
    In this iteration, I switched to a stationized version of IDC1 that can examine multiple types of water bottles and includes more interactive features, 
    such as buttons and a more varied usage of the LCD monitor. The most challenging part of this iteration was measuring the water bottle’s weight with the FSR sensor. 
    
    Unlike in the last iteration, where each module was directly attached to the bottle itself, the sensors in this iteration are located at the bottom of the base. 
    where the button mechanism is used to press the FSR sensor to measure. 
    I went through a couple of different variations to figure out the right button mechanisms and their circuit connections. 
    Then the buttons I added for interactivity were a challenge, since the enclosure for the circuit was having difficulty holding them in place to stabilize 
    input through the buttons. I added multiple different supports to secure the buttons in place at the end. 


Link to Slide documentation: 
    - https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1QzsSWxiKWwPrHV7YmQf5DmqH29nZHj_eP2cf2n3wY2U/edit?usp=sharing 
